Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is  Reedroux's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website or Discord bot,https://reedrouxmusic.vercel.app/, and other sites we own and operate.

Information we collect
Log data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information”, as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details.

How we collect information
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.

Use of information
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymized versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.

Data processing and storage
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.

Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit so we can understand how you use our site and serve you content based on preferences you have specified.

If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website, understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without them. This policy covers only the use of cookies between your computer and our website; it does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party services we use on our site.

Children’s Privacy
This website does not knowingly target or collect personal information from children. As a parent/guardian, please contact us if you believe your child is participating in an activity involving personal information on our website, and you have not received a notification or request for consent. We do not use your supplied contact details for marketing or promotional purposes.

Limits of our policy
This privacy policy only covers Reedroux's own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours, however we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

Changes to this policy
At our discretion, we may update this policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around data and personal information.

Your rights and responsibilities
As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted.

You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.

Feel free to contact us if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information


The purposes of processing

The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Analytics, Traffic optimization and distribution, Displaying content from external platforms, Infrastructure monitoring, Handling payments, Social features, Hosting and backend infrastructure and Registration and authentication.

For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.


Changes to this privacy policy

The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Website and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.

Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.


Owner and Data Controller 
David Ian Black 
42 Darrell Pl, San Francisco, CA 94133, USA
Phone: /
E-Mail: support@zozo82897.lol




This policy is effective as  of July 20, 2023.
